[Maps] Onboarding Maps Geolocation (#23956)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/maps/maps-geolocation-rest/README.md

Key links:

- [Source code][source_code]
- [Package (NPM)][npm_package]
- [API reference documentation][api_ref]
- [Samples][samples]
- [Product Information][product_info]

## Getting started

### Currently supported environments

- [LTS versions of Node.js](https://nodejs.org/about/releases/)
- Latest versions of Safari, Chrome, Edge and Firefox.

### Prerequisites

- You must have an [Azure subscription][az_subscription] to use this package.
- An [Azure Maps account][az_maps_account_management]. You can create the resource via the [Azure Portal][azure_portal], the [Azure PowerShell][azure_powershell], or the [Azure CLI][azure_cli].

If you use Azure CLI, replace `<resource-group-name>` and `<map-account-name>` of your choice, and select a proper [pricing tier][az_map_pricing] based on your needs via the `<sku-name>` parameter. Please refer to [Azure Maps Reference for Azure CLI][az_map_az_cli] for more details.

```bash
az maps account create --resource-group <resource-group-name> --name <map-account-name> --sku <sku-name>
```

### Install the `@azure-rest/maps-geolocation` package

> Install the Azure MapsGeolocation REST client REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Maps Geolocation REST client REST client library for JavaScript with `npm`:
```

Author: Updated in [eb12dac](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/23956/commits/eb12dac47f44dbf4ffa3df8ab627bea3d4d2ce1d)

You will also need to specify the Azure Maps resource you intend to use by specifying the `clientId` in the client options.
The Azure Maps resource client id can be found in the Authentication sections in the Azure Maps resource. Please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-authentication#view-authentication-details) on how to find it.

```javascript
const MapsGeolocation = require("@azure-rest/maps-geolocation").default;
const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require("@azure/identity");
const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const client = MapsGeolocation(credential, "<maps-account-client-id>");
```

#### Using a Subscription Key Credential

You can authenticate with your Azure Maps Subscription Key. Please install the `@azure/core-auth` package:

```bash
npm install @azure/core-auth
```

```javascript
const MapsGeolocation = require("@azure-rest/maps-geolocation").default;
const AzureKeyCredential = require("@azure/core-auth");
const credential = new AzureKeyCredential("<subscription-key>");
const client = MapsGeolocation(credential);
```

## Key concepts

### MapsGeolocationClient

> `MapsGeoClient` is the primary interface for developers using the Azure Maps Geolocation client library. Explore the methods on this client object to understand the different features of the Azure Maps Geolocation service that you can access.

Reviewer: `MapsGeoClient` is typo?

Author: Yes, it should be `MapsGeolocationClient`. Fixed in [eb12dac](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/23956/commits/eb12dac47f44dbf4ffa3df8ab627bea3d4d2ce1d)

## Examples

You can get the country code from a IP address:

```javascript
const result = await client.path("/geolocation/ip/{format}", "json").get({
  queryParameters: { ip: "2001:4898:80e8:b::189" },
});

> if (isUnexpected(result)) {

Reviewer: You doesn't import `isUnexpected` in the example

Author: Updated in [eb12dac](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/23956/commits/eb12dac47f44dbf4ffa3df8ab627bea3d4d2ce1d)
